We'll come back in Python.
You also have the possibility to do fine modules with the help of a folder.
So we have seen how we can create a module which is a file.
But in this lesson you will learn how to define modules with the help of a folder and then structure
your modules better.
And also what's up with the in it.
That's why so on a score on the score and on the score on the score file.
So let's check it out and let's go to our folder with the manuals.
So the modules folder and here you can go ahead and create a new folder.
So let's go ahead and press new folder and I'm going to call this folder and rename it actually.
And then we go back here rename and now I would like to call this one for example Hello hem so on.
It says but it's just a hello.
For now this folder here is a very basic folder for now because it doesn't have any content.
But if we add something in here then we can make this whole folder a module so we can use it as a module
in Python so we could say something like.
Import Hello.
Hmm.
And then we could use all the hello end functionality but now it doesn't work.
So for now it doesn't work.
So what we need to do is we need to add a file here.
So let me create a new text file and you'll need to rename that file to underscore underscore it underscore
underscore that y.
And now this file will be telling our Python that this whole folder does Hellam folder is usable as
a module.
So let me show you that.
So I'm going to restart my kernel just to be sure.
And now I'm going to import hellum so no arrow came up and all is fine and that is because this in and
y told him that this whole folder is a monitor and there could be a situation where a folder is not
a module because Python could treat that folder also as just a source of information so there could
just be some data in there multiple files which contain data for example.
But as soon as this file is in there it knows.
All right.
We're talking about a module folder and now we can create modules in here.
So for example we could go ahead and create a new file in here so I'm going to create a new text file
and I'm just going to call it file or a simple file that way.
And it's important that it has this.
Why because now it can use it as a module.
So in here I'm just going to keep it simple I'm going to have this very basic function which is called
F and it's just going to say something like find out why and method have a function function f something
like that.
So now I'm going to save this file as you can see there's this stigma.
It's saved.
This file is also saved.
And now I would like to use this specific file.
So how can I access that now in order to use this file I can just say from Belhomme import file and
I can go ahead and say something like file that f..
And as you can see now it's printing me out file a Y and function f.
OK so it's simply called this function here that we created this def function or a function.
So we just said OK from this Hellam module or folder import the file and use it.
Now you could of course think about using this approach say from hello.
Import star so I don't just want to import the file.
I want to import everything.
Well you can do that.
Now let me restart the kernel.
Actually let's run this line of code but then restart the kernel.
And now in here had filed that path and run it as you can see the named file is not defined.
So Sunday doesn't work.
Why doesn't it work.
Because here.
Understood OK we're wanted would use this file.
And now here we just say from Hellam import everything.
So file should be included.
No.
Well the problem here is that it's not defined in our in a file.
So we need to define it in here in order for our module alone to understand what everything means.
So it will only take everything that is defined in here or has been defined in here.
If we specifically tell which name of a file we would like to use so we called this file file the UI
if we had another file which was called module the wife for example we could import modules in here
but if we want to import everything then we need to define it in here.
So how do we do that.
How do we define something in this way.
What we need to do is to underscore underscore all underscore underscore equals and then we need to
add the name or the names of the father who would like to use.
So in my case I just want to use file in here so I'm going to use this line here I'm going to save that
file as it is.
As you can see checkmark is there.
So let's test it once again.
Let's run the code.
We're still getting the error.
Let's restart the kernel.
And once it's ready we run the code again.
And as you can see now suddenly it's working.
And that is because if we used star it checks for this why file this in a file and then it checks this
all variable.
It checks what is within it.
What do you want to have.
If you want to have all of them and for now we only have one entry in this list and that's our file.
So now knows OK if somebody says all that he will get the file for now if there were other files would
have some like come on text file and so forth.
Now we have seen this other approach of importing where we just let imports help.
And there we would do something like.
Hello I'm dot file dot F and so we will try to call it like that.
Well now currently it's working but if I restart the kernel and do the real quick and run it as you
can see module Hellam has no attribute file.
So now suddenly doesn't work again.
So even though we have this this approach here where we say OK import Hello I'm in total and then give
me that file.
But.
Well we need to add something to our in a wife file for this to work.
And the line we need to add is the following.
So we say from datt import file.
So from this folder import the file.
That's what we're saying here with this line.
So let me save that again.
Let's go back here restart the kernel.
And now let's see this error this appears and there we are.
Suddenly you see this error disappeared.
So as you can see there are different types of imports.
But if you want to use a folder with multiple files in there which are pretty much modules themselves
and the folder itself is also a module you need to take some things into consideration.
And one of them is to create this in it thought Why file.
Then to add all of the files that you want to be part of this module in this list and then for the other
approach for the last one you need to import every single file inside of this file or this in it.
Why file.
So once again real quick.
This one was the easiest one.
The only thing we needed for that was in its W-why file to exist it didn't need any access or any entries
in there.
Then we simply could use it as you can see here.
Then for the next one where we said OK from Hello import everything in order to use that we need to
add this line here.
And then in order to use these import loan and then use that approach as you can see here we needed
to add this line of code.
All right.
So now you've seen how many different ways of using folders with modules there are.
It is a bit tricky but with some setting up everything is fine and you can use whatever approach you
like.
And also your users can use whatever approach to life.
So if you create a big folder with multiple files and you want people to use it in the way they like
then you have to use all of the three approaches or you need to use the in why file you need to have
this list.
And you also need to add all of the different files that you have inside of you or in a W-why file.